README.md, before:

### Table of Contents
You're sections headers will be used to reference location of destination.

- [Description](#description)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)
- [References](#references)
- [License](#license)
- [Author Info](#author-info)

---

## Description

This project is under making and will adapt machine learning to stock market data. Right now several technologies are being evaluated.

* How to clean and transform the datasets
* Explicitly what features should be used
* Try several models, perhaps neural network?
* Choose best result

#### Technologies

Not decided yet, but looking at these right now

- Python
- Scikit-learn
- Numpy
- Matplotlib
- PySpark, sparklearn
- Tensorflow?

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## How To Use

#### Installation

#### API Reference

```html
```
[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## References
[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## Articles
Interesting articles within the topic

https://mapr.com/blog/tensorflow-mxnet-caffe-h2o-which-ml-best/

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2018] [Simon Thelin]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## Author Info

* [Simon Thelin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/simon-thelin-3ba96986/)

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

Commit message:

ETL process decided, initial setup

README.md, after:

### Table of Contents
You're sections headers will be used to reference location of destination.

- [Description](#description)
- [How To Use](#how-to-use)
- [References](#references)
- [License](#license)
- [Author Info](#author-info)

---

## Description

This project is under making and will adapt machine learning to stock market data. Right now several technologies are being evaluated.

* How to clean and transform the datasets
* Explicitly what features should be used
* Try several models, perhaps neural network?
* Choose best result

#### Technologies

Main language: Python

- ETL process will be done in PySpark
- ML will be done in either Scikit-learn or spark-learn

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## How To Use

#### Installation

#### API Reference

```html
```
[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## References
[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## Articles
Interesting articles within the topic

https://mapr.com/blog/tensorflow-mxnet-caffe-h2o-which-ml-best/
https://databricks.com/blog/2016/01/25/deep-learning-with-apache-spark-and-tensorflow.html

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2018] [Simon Thelin]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)

---

## Author Info

* [Simon Thelin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/simon-thelin-3ba96986/)

[Back To The Top](#read-me-template)
